docs: update 5.15.0 release notes (#1443)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

[[release-notes-5.x]]
=== RUM JS Agent version 5.x

[[release-notes-5.15.0]]
==== 5.15.0 (2023-09-27)
[float]
===== Potentially breaking changes
* Previously, there was a start time discrepancy between sampled and unsampled page load transactions, which was wrong. From now on,
the agent will set the same start time for both of them. {pull}1435[#1435]

===== Features

> * Handle object reason in promise rejection event:  {pull}1428[#1428]

Reviewer: Can we be a bit more descriptive
```suggestion
* Capture errors from objects throw from the promise rejection events including the `reason and custom properties` :  {pull}1428[#1428]
```
